these are the white power beats Romania
cool this is an unboxing video so from
the back the picture again is not good
at all promise way too bright and just a
picture of the beats on the front is not
a high-resolution side here the beach
this box came in perfect condition yeah
looks really good okay all right and
here the beach the white looks ugly it
just doesn't look like a pure white just
looks like a little creamy not really so
nice the bees are not engraved carefully
anyways the beats are not engraved says
monster over here on the side I'll try
them on and I'll let you know if they're
comfortable they look authentic but the
white just looks a little off on the ear
piece right here this is plastic over
here it's rubber so this is plastic and
here's the odd-shaped carrying case so
again if you could see the difference
between this white and this white this
is the color of the plastic on the beats
and this is the actual color that
reciprocal all right here's the wires
not the tangle-free wire just a regular
circle wire whatever I felt awk comes
with the warranty thing I notice is no
not warrant ain't just some packet tell
you about your beats and yeah that's the
white power base for me Nicole